But before the age of 20
If a newcomer misses
I want you to pay for this
At what cost?
If there is a calamity that endangers Xie'er's soul
It's Xie'er who can't be reincarnated
You must die for him
Ye Xuan, why are you here?
We're leaving now.
Leave here
Huibishui Lake
Never come back
What about the common people?
Who will resist the demons when you go?
Who will stop the night
That's none of my business.
Let them fight as they want
Ye Xuan, stop making trouble
We can't go
What's wrong with you?
Didn't we agree to protect more people?
Isn't there a national teacher?
Can Harry be there?
There are so many generals and marshals
Why do you have to let me do it?
The dormitory is different for you.
You are different
If even you give up
Then no one can really protect them
No one can really save them
So what?
I can't be selfish
I have to see with my own eyes those close to me
Fall in front of me one by one?
Let go, I won't let go
Ye Xuan, we can't go
And you know what?
Brother Wang Junshou
And grandpa
They're all dead.
And you know what?
If we leave now
Then their deaths would be meaningless
So what?
This is because they are all dead
I can't let you die in front of me too
And you know what?
They asked me to kill you with the Zhenguo sword
It'll blow your mind away.
I can't leave you
No matter which one you are
Brother Ye Xuan